He doesn't have a mom!
For real?
You're the ones acting like
you weren't raised right.
Get up.
Let's be friends.
I'm Jaeyeon.
What if I don't get into college?
How did you end up with a score like that?
I don't know...
I think I totally screwed up the last page.
It's okay.
You'll do better next time.
It's not that you're not good enough.
You just made a mistake.
We've been friends since we were kids.
And somehow, we're still friends now...
It's honestly exhausting.
I guess we're stuck
together until we're a hundred.
Yeah.
Even when we're old men,
we'll still be friends.
Yeah.
You could at least look at me.
Geonwoo.
Are you... are you okay?
What... what's happening?
You're okay...
You're going to be fine...
Geonwoo?
Geonwoo, wake up!
Geonwoo...!
Geonwoo... Geonwoo...
No... no... this can't be happening...
Geon... Geonwoo...
Geonwoo... Geonwoo!
What am I going to do...
GEONWOO!!!
Why are you being so loud...
You're... you're alive?
Would you be happier if I weren't?
How can you say that?
You think this is a joke?
You just got out of surgery...
At least it wasn't any worse...
No... I mean...
What if you got one of
your organ's knicked?
I'll stay with you tonight.
- I'll watch over you..
- No, it's fine.
He said he'd do it.
What was the point of all
the effort I put into raising you?
Thank you.
For what?
Anyway... are you okay?
Oh!
Oh no.
What's wrong? Are you okay?
Can you give me a hug?
To be honest, it doesn't even hurt.
Are you serious?!
You scared the life out of me...
I just wanted a hug.
What do you mean...
Why are your eyes closed?
Me...?
Just...
"Fan Service"
(Episode 5)